direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:1 destino 0 contenido: , procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: , procesado
direccionamiento: indirecto , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:5 destino 10 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: indirecto , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:5 destino 10 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: indirecto , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:5 destino 10 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: indirecto , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:10 destino 5 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: indirecto , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:10 destino 5 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:1 destino 0 contenido: , procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:1 destino 0 contenido: , procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:1 destino 0 contenido: , procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:5 destino 0 contenido: , procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:1 destino 2 contenido: hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:1 destino 0 contenido: Hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:1 destino 0 contenido: Hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: adios, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:1 destino 0 contenido: Hola, procesado
direccionamiento: directo , Tipo mensaje: send Tipo cola: FIFO , Origen:0 destino 1 contenido: adios, procesado
